Added parallelRead.numPartitions parameter (#86)
memsql/singlestore-spark-connector: README.md

| `database`                                          | -                                                     | If set, all connections use the specified database by default.

#### Read options
| Option                                            | Default value                                         | Description
|---------------------------------------------------| -                                                     | -
| `disablePushdown`                                 | `false`                                               |Disable SQL Pushdown when running queries.
| `enableParallelRead`                              | `automaticLite`                                       | Enables reading data in parallel for some query shapes. It can have of the following values: `disabled`, `automaticLite`, `automatic`, and `forced`. For more information, see [Parallel Read Support](#parallel-read-support).

> | `parallelRead.Features`                           | `ReadFromAggregators,ReadFromAggregatorsMaterialized` | Specifies a comma separated list of parallel read features that are tried in the order they are listed. We support the following features: `ReadFromLeaves`, `ReadFromAggregators`, and `ReadFromAggregatorsMaterialized`. Example: `ReadFromAggregators,ReadFromAggregatorsMaterialized`. For more information, see [Parallel Read Support](#parallel-read-support).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `parallelRead.Features`                           | `ReadFromAggregators,ReadFromAggregatorsMaterialized` | Specifies a comma separated list of parallel read features that are tried in the order they are listed. SingleStore supports the following features: `ReadFromLeaves`, `ReadFromAggregators`, and `ReadFromAggregatorsMaterialized`. Example: `ReadFromAggregators,ReadFromAggregatorsMaterialized`. For more information, see [Parallel Read Support](#parallel-read-support).
```
